Millions Solutions LLP

Million Solutions LLP is leading Cloud Application vendor who provide ERP, CRM , Dynamic Website solutions to for all industry, company, school/education Institute, government organizations/association, etc . 

Million Solutions LLP established in 2017 and founder of Company & developer team had huge experience in developing Customized Cloud based applications & Customized ERP to fulfill clients  all common requirements like sales, accounts, manufacturing, human resources, etc and covering every industry sectors like retail, manufacturing, textile, chemical, construction, hospitality & food.

services

Private Server Hosting 

We host and maintain every server on our cloud environment only that located in India for any industry, company, school or education Institute, government organizations or association, etc . Our all ERP, CRM, Customized Cloud Application successfully deployed in our private cloud.

Domain Services

We are only domain provider who provides domain reservation for 5 years in very economic rates for any industry, company, school or education Institute, government organizations or association, etc . Normally for ERP & CRM located domain name should not changed and we provide that assurance to maintain the domain name.

Customized Cloud Application

We develop custom cloud based application that fulfill clients requirements like inventory,sales,accounts, HR, billing  for india's leading industry, company, school or education Institute, government organizations or association, etc . We also developed Cloud based online or offline , online with offline operations custom ERP, CRM .

ERP Solutions 

We developed ERP that provide more performance to client's bussiness for manufacturing, chemical,hospitality & food sector. Now days ERP is required part of successful business.MS-ERP is complete solution for small enterprises, SME, Big enterprises in India & headquarter located at Tapi,Gujarat State to provide most effective & quick service to the Indian clients give no Maitance time for ERP related issues.We believe in quick problem quick solution but with assurance of robust & permanent solution .

CRM Solutions 

We provide best & user friendly Client Relations  Management solutions for sales,retail sector.Our in house developed MS-CRM for sales & retail is robust & most client friendly cloud application that covers all major requirements of sales & retail enterprise related billing, inventory, stock forcast, accounts, feedback, sms, etc. in India.

IT Consultancy
we provide best & economic digital solutions for all  industry, company, school or education Institute, government organizations or association, etc located in India or out of India . Please call our sales department to fixed a meeting because first should not be on skype like that . 